=head1 NAME

Perldoc Browser

=head1 INSTALLATION

Perldoc Browser requires at least Perl v5.20.0 and may have other requirements
if you enable a search backend. Perl dependencies are listed in F<cpanfile>.
To install them, use cpanm:

  cpanm --installdeps . # no search dependencies
  cpanm --installdeps --with-feature=install . # for install command
  cpanm --installdeps --with-feature=pg .
  cpanm --installdeps --with-feature=es .
  cpanm --installdeps --with-feature=sqlite .
  cpanm --installdeps --with-all-features .

=head1 CONFIGURATION

Perldoc Browser is configured by F<perldoc-browser.conf> in the application
directory. The configuration file is a Perl hash. The C<hypnotoad> key will be
used to configure L<Hypnotoad|Mojo::Server::Hypnotoad/"SETTINGS"> if it is used
to start the web application.

The search backend can be set using the C<search_backend> key. Recognized
values are C<pg>, C<es>, C<sqlite>, and C<none> (default: disables the search
and indexing).

The C<pg> backend requires L<Mojo::Pg> and a PostgreSQL server running at least
version 9.6. The C<pg> configuration key must be set to a database connection
URL in the form C<postgresql://user:password@host:port/database>.

The C<es> backend requires L<Search::Elasticsearch> and an Elasticsearch server
running at least version 7.0. The C<es> configuration key may be set to the URL
to connect to the server (defaults to C<http://localhost:9200>).

The C<sqlite> backend requires L<Mojo::SQLite>. The database is stored in the
application home directory as F<perldoc-browser.sqlite> by default. This may be
configured by setting the C<sqlite> configuration key to a file path, which
must be an absolute path to a writable directory.

=head1 PERL MANAGEMENT

Perldoc Browser renders documentation from any Perls it finds installed in the
configured C<perls_dir>, which defaults to F<perls> in the application
directory. If no Perls are found here, it will display documentation for the
Perl interpreter currently in use. The C<install> command can be used to use
L<Perl::Build> to install one or more Perls to this directory.

  ./perldoc-browser.pl install 5.10.1 5.28.0

Once a search backend is enabled, Perls must be indexed in this backend for
contents of documents and document/function/variable names to be available to
the search. The C<index> command will index or reindex the contents and names
of one or more Perls.

  ./perldoc-browser.pl index 5.10.1 5.28.0
  ./perldoc-browser.pl index all # reindexes all Perls found in perls_dir

=head1 AUTHOR

Dan Book <dbook@cpan.org>

PerldocBrowser::Plugin::PerldocRenderer is a fork of the L<Mojolicious|https://mojolicious.org>
team's L<PODRenderer plugin|https://search.cpan.org/perldoc?Mojolicious::Plugin::PODRenderer> and its associated template.

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is Copyright (c) 2018 by Dan Book <dbook@cpan.org>.

PerldocBrowser::Plugin::PerldocRenderer is Copyright (c) 2008-2018 Sebastian
Riedel and others, 2018 Dan Book <dbook@cpan.org>.

This is free software, licensed under:

  The Artistic License 2.0 (GPL Compatible)

Bundled Perl Camel Logo is Copyright (c) 2024 Olaf Alders, licensed under the CC-BY License, Version 4.0
L<https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/>.

Bundled highlight.pack.js is Copyright (c) 2006-2024 Josh Goebel <hello@joshgoebel.com> and other contributors,
licensed under the (three-clause) BSD License L<https://opensource.org/license/BSD-3-Clause>.

Bundled StackOverflow Light theme is Copyright (c) Stack Exchange, Inc, licensed under the MIT License
L<https://opensource.org/license/mit>.
